c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\JenkinsTest.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\JenkinsTest.Tests.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\JenkinsTest.Tests.pdb
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\JenkinsTest.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\JenkinsTest.pdb
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\bin\Release\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\obj\Release\JenkinsTest.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\obj\Release\JenkinsTest.Tests.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JenkinsTest\JenkinsTest.Tests\obj\Release\JenkinsTest.Tests.pdb
